docs: Jbang install option (#662)
jbangdev/jbang: readme.adoc

to have it setup your `PATH` to include jbang app scripts + it will on operating systems that supports
it setup a `j!` alias you can use instead of `jbang`.

=== Using Jbang

> Perhaps the coolest way to install Jbang is using Jbang itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest way to install `jbang` is using Jbang itself.
```

Author: Aww shucks, I liked "coolest" better :stuck_out_tongue:

Reviewer: "Perhaps" doesn't exactly oozes confidence :)

Author: Well "coolness" is of course a matter of taste :-)
